f
hello dear friends whole
program builders build and so we
keep telling you under
construction of wooden houses
Moscow region will remind you that in one of our
past issues
we visited one of the private ones
developers Maxim Lebedeva inspecting the house
made conclusions all last requires
great work needed again
cover the whole load with new paint
interfloor overlappings and much
much more however which ones
to mount interfloor
overlap in the house maxim did not know and
asked us to tell about it
This topic was recommended to us and
others to myself the viewer in their letters and we with
pleasure we carry your
wishes
vbd so the main error during installation
telecritic is and use in
sound quality isolator
mineral baths two first mineral
cotton wool is essentially not good
sound score
secondly using it
undesirable inside the dwelling she
able to emit a mass of microparticles
falling on aging falls
human writer system
also with improper installation
wooden floor flooring
begins to tremble which of course overshadows
living a wooden house about how this
avoid find out right now
n
cube
25 percent
sometimes you listen to the tape
what is the beginning of the diocese season like
reports ria east media was refused
appeal is now necessary
probably start with the fact that we are
to the second floor of the house
but then it will succeed interfloor
overlap m
however not the first floor we are
standing on the shelf
as if the second floor
which pass as well
garbage is actually excluded
from the same this is a wall case
This is the department of the custody of the worn out
tree and struganova
true
beams
and so we get structure
lattice so by which water which
does
30 from the square
there is not much weight above this
I'm the same
as if we were on concrete
all grounds
usual morning is wooden
house building so that
people save on overlap or not
make them solve reading
and when you go out that's what exactly it is
division is nice
where exactly the same price
and the second problem
instead of the same is covered from wood
soundproofing floors of each other a lot
often when you're on the second
heard
so I like that after m yes
however in the second case so
TV works
so here
This question is solved in general, then you always
was decided
so that
in old houses
even the boat stone buildings doctor was not
concrete floor slabs on faces
no
helper trimmed wooden too
overlap
this space has come through
either sand and a successful back statement
I do not exclude that there were no dry leaves
adjacent to the sand
this is the hard work of communication systems i believe in
what sound
doesn't really miss the masses
that's all is
at its best
yes we do not miss the sound
because sand he
are themselves
so heavy
uefa over turn out
seagulls everywhere
and here if we portrayed the sound from below
it’s like we paid am
shake
and so it seems
and many sound vibrations are like
mechanical energy moving out
Kakhovsky stuck writing
there is no such sound
European growth
Here are the grains of sand
way
acoustic they come in
mechanical
well almost blind in the sand
shaking rooms
cause descendant as the radio reports
freedom a thousandth
may be degrees Celsius
the task is now at work
in fact
wake up sinus aggregate
the fact is that here you will become now on
post and surnames
these are my plywood 20
two millimeters
and she screwed on the screws
special varese wood do not forget
when we work with wood
take advantage declared this victory 22
April
millimeter thick enough
in order to stand for example on
50 70 kilograms of this sand
per square meter is an elephant true 3 5 a
maybe more centimeters
and this tournament
Is it possible to put it safely because we
in fact, the authorities will resort to the authorities
and then screwed plane screw
wood quota
they differ from ordinary screws in order
what is their distance
besides that
grooves
much more
someone that has a tree
as noted by the walls and we are in order
to keep his Siberia well, they do not
often need the ranks of the second such
thickness were not
here impacted rent
that's of such magnitude maybe even
more this house form go out to samara
but not so expensive to
generally use everywhere
that's the way we have plywood to them
decent but screws
and here it is to endure
spaces
percentage emissions hand delivery
and now we take
Veraka the second
Igor and assign ask he
and see
worth doing it
and you over the whole
man wakes up all ask
mostly it's nothing here however
just to bank
no sand
lower on the floor because
otherwise
trite
t.satylganova camp votes
plywood will also be lying here
empty field
25 and maybe even 30 millimeters
and there will be us emptiness
however back all Lebedev
like any building this building has no
only cons but a number of obvious advantages
special jacks are provided
with which you can lift or
lower parts of the house when releasing wood
well, the material itself is enough
dried and besides secondary painting and
does not require additional
processing
besides this house was used
ordinary wooden windows which are in nothing
not inferior newfangled
double-glazed unit landlord initially
tried to make the house harmonious
fit into the surrounding landscape
however statistics in artificial
materials it seems it was quite possible
all my life I would like to have 200 built long ago
dollars each
demi moore next second when mom
burglaries he was then announced in this
year
the house is also data not that it is wooden
Oscar statuette of flawed manat
we touched on the subject block in this house i
asked our regular expert
Andrei Vlasov tell you
Dear viewers more about these
peculiar eyes